People often want something for nothing. They want to work for a year, and be a rich for a lifetime, diet for a month, and be skinny for years, work hard for a season, and become CEO. But real change requires a life style change!

Tell me how you spend your time and i will predict your future, because the secret of your future lies hidden in your daily routine.

There are no short-cuts! You can't cheat the system. In fact, the more you try to cheat the system, the farther away from your goals you get. There are no back roads to success; everyone has to climb the same mountain.

Success is simple, But Hard.

What deceives most people is the fact that success looks so simple, and it is simple, Simple to understand that is. But success is also very hard...and it's hard because it requires you to be consistent; it requires you to change your lifestyle (your daily actions, thinking, and habits).

Never forget that your habits will take you farther than your desires!

Desire can only take you so far...before you burn out, you must rely on the train tracks of habit to get you to your destination.

You have to change your lifestyle

It is your lifestyle that produce rewards. A lifestyle of working hard every day produce certain rewards; A lifestyle of learning everyday produces certain rewards; a lifestyle of eating everyday produces certain rewards; a lifestyle of focusing on your passion everyday, produces a certain rewards.S

A lifestyle of trying to cheat the system and get something for nothing, also produces, but it doesn't produce rewards, it produces confusion.

It produces confusion because you don't understand why you can't have the results that others have. After all, you're been working hard for six months, why aren't you rich yet. You're worked out every day this month, why aren't you skinny.

Do people gather apples from an orange tree, or coconuts from a peach tree? No, every tree produces after its kind. To produce success, you must have the roots of success; you must have the lifestyle that produces the fruit that you want to enjoy.

Change

You have to change your lifestyle, this bears repeating because this is the key to success. To get the results you want, you must adopt the lifestyle (i.e habits and thinking patterns) of the people who currently have those results.

When i say "adopt the lifestyle," I'm say that you have to live it every single day. Otherwise you end up chasing a mirage in the desert of life. The "mirage" is shut-cut to your goal, and so you run after it, but it just a mirage, and it puts you further into the desert, and so you chase another mirage, only to put yourself that much farther into the desert.

Decide today to live a life that produces the rewards you desire. Decide to change your habits! Decide to change your thinking! Decide to learn from those who have already succeeded! (Do what the successful do; if you don't know what they do-then find someone who's successful and ask him to mentor you.)

Use what self-discipline you have...to think and act like the successful; use your discipline to create the right habits, and in time, you will be successful.



The Guardian view on multicultural Britain:learning to live together

It is depressing to discover that four in 10 adults in this country agree with the statement that "having a variety of backgrounds and cultures has undermined British culture". After all, such mainstays of British culture as curry, the Notting Hill carnival and bearded Muslim sports heroes were at one time all viewed as inimical to it. Cultures are dynamic things, developing organically from communities. They do not exist in isolation or remain static. Having a range of cultures in Britain is normal, not novel.

If so, then why are so many still resistant? There is a straightforward economic analysis:austerity has shrunk the space we might share, be that schools, parks or hospitals, while growing inequalities supply people with new opportunities to scapegoat minorities. Then there is a barrage of claims about a government policy of encouraging cultural difference at the expense of national cohesion. There is no state-led segregation policy today. British governments are not in the habit of sacrificing the nation on the altar of imaginary cultural preferences. Yet years of anger stoked around this falsehood found, unfortunately, an outlet in the Brexit referendum.

The think-tank British Future, which commissioned the poll and produced an in-depth study looking at immigration and integration, should be congratulated for engaging the public in a debate about their views and concerns on these subjects. It is no surprise that nine out of 10 respondents either strongly agreed or tended to agree that, in order to integrate, migrants ought to learn English, pay their taxes and respect democracy. There is nothing controversial about such opinions. Immigrant communities as a whole are hardly likely disagree with any of them. What this research does not do is expose tensions between the demands of integration into wider society and the measures required to preserve cultural diversity.

Identity is a fact about us, but it should not define the horizon of our possibilities. It is a paradox that in an age where individuals have been most sovereign over the identities they assert, the politics of nationalism has become most potent. Some of the reasons why are obvious: nations offer a ready-made identity that is a cipher of commonly agree myths. But liberal politics across the world has been noticeably susceptible to being overtaken by right-wing nationalists. Too often, this is because defenders of liberal values end up aligning them with a particular way of life, underpinning this by claiming there is a limit to how much diversity a welfare state can tolerate. This thought process leads to many wrong-headed polices - most notably Britain to an arbitrary numerical cap on immigration.

What is lacking to counter such arguments is a project to get people to bridge their differences just as much as they bond over their similarities. The more people from different backgrounds trust each other, the better off their society. Politicians ought to be preaching the need to learn how to get along with strangers. That needs an honest conversation about the laws of association - that is, how wo can legally group together. Other nations do this. The US prohibits discrimination in rental housing unless you have four or fewer units to let. One may bond with one's ethic peers in an exclusionary fashion as long as one limits the scale of those bonds. What needs attention are the small cliques that hoard contacts, access to information and, ultimately, power. Challenging those would ensure Britain fosters egalitarian and representative cultures. That is what surely everyone agrees, the country needs.


We Need to capture carbon to fight climate change

The conclusion of the Paris Agreement in 2015, in which almost every nation committed to reduce their carbon emissions, was supposed to be a turning point to fight against climate change. But many counties have already fallen behind their goals, and the U.S. has now announced it will withdraw from the agreement. Meanwhile emissions worldwide continue to rise.

The only way to make up ground is to aggressively pursue an approach that takes advantage of every possible strategy to reduce emissions. The usual suspects, such as wind and solar energy and hydropower, are part of this effort, but it must also include investing heavily in carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) - a cohort of technologies that pull carbon dioxide from somkestacks, or even from the air, and convert it into useful materials or store it underground.

Although CCUS has been opposed as too expensive and unproved, recent gains have made it far more effective. Improvements such as chemical compounds that are more efficient at latching onto carbon could drive the cost down from $100 per ton of captured carbon in 2016 to $20 per ton by 2025, according to a 2016 article in Science. Start-ups are also developing new tactics, among them the transformation of trapped carbon into fertilizer, which could spur further savings.

Without CCUS, the level of cuts needed to keep global warming to two degrees Celsius(3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) - the upper limit allowed in the Paris Agreement-probably cannot be achieved, according to the international Energy Agency. By 2050 carbon capture and storage must provide at least 13 percent of the reductions needed to keep warming in check, the agency calculates.

CCUS technologies can also help decarbonize emissions in heavy industry-including production of cement, refined metals and chemicals--which accounts for almost a quarter of U.S. emissions. In addition, direct carbon-removal technology-which captures and converts carbon dioxide from the air rather than from a smokestack - can offset emissions from industries that cannot readily implement other clean technology,such as agriculture.

The basic idea of carbon capture has faced a lot of opposition. Skepticism has come from climate deniers, who see it as a waste of money, and from passionate supporters of climate action, who fear that it would be used to justify continued reliance on fossil fuels. Both groups are ignoring the recent advances and the opportunity they present. By limiting investment in decarbonization, the world will miss a major avenue for reducing emissions both in the electricity sector and in a variety of industries. CCUS can also create jobs and profits from what was previously only a waste material by creating a larger economy around carbon.

For CCUS to succeed, the federal government must kick in funding for basic research and development and offer incentives such as tax breaks for carbon polluters who adopt the technology. The Trump administration has repeatedly tried to slash energy technology R&D, with the Department of Energy's CCUS R&D cut by as much as 76 percent in proposed budgets. But this funding must be protected.




























