Day 1
capture		When Crowley was captured
weary
under my coat is a weary heart, but a kind one
correspondence
i have had some interesting correspondence with Lewis Lawes
scold
i learned thirty years ago that is foolish to scold
resent
The resentment that criticism engenders can demoralize employees, family members and friends
at bay
Prisoners armed with baseball bats used the hostages to hold police at bay
at the drop of a feather
at the drop of a hat
just like at the moment or don't hestage
having a necking party/ with his girlfriend
Crowley drew his gun and cut the policeman down with a shower of lead.
Crowley was sentenced to the electric chair
They can tell you why they had to crack a safe or be quick on the trigger finger
Most of them attempt by a form of reasoning,

If You Want to Gather Over Honey, Don't Kick Over the Beehive
On May 7, 1931, the most sensational manhunt New York City had ever known had come to his climax.
After weeks of search, "Two Gun" Crowley--the killer, the gunman who didn't smoke or drink at bay, trapped in his sweetheart's apartment on West End Avenue.
One hundred and fifty policemen and detectives laid siege to his top floor hideway.
They chopped holes in the roof; they tried to smoke out Crowley, the "cop killer," with teargas.
Then they mounted their machine guns on surrounding buildings, and for more than an hour one of New York's fine residential areas reverberated with the crack of pistol fire and the ruttattat of machine guns.
Crowley crouching behind an overstuffed chair, fired incessantly at the police.
Ten thousand excited people wacthed the battle.
Nothing like it ever been seen before on the sidewalks of New York.
When Crowley was captured, Police Commissioner E. P. Mulrooney declared theat the two-gun desperado was one of the most dangerous criminals ever encountered in the history of New York.
"He will kill" said the Commissioner, "at the drop of a feather"
But how did "Two Gun" Crowley regard himself?
We know, because while the police were firing into his apartment, he wrote a letter addressed "To whom it may concern" and, as he wrote, the blood flowing from his wounds left a crimson trail on the paper.
In this letter Crowley said:"Under my coat is a weary heart, but a kind one--one that would do nobody any harm."
A short time before this, Crowley had been having a necking party with his girlfriend on a country road out on Long Island.
Suddenly a policeman walked up to the car and said:"Let me see your license."
Without saying a work, Crowley drew his gun and cut the police down with a shower of lead.
As the dying officer fell, Crowley leaped out of the car, grabbed the officer's revolver, and fired another bullet into the prostrate body.
And that was killer who said:"Under my cost is a weary heart, but a kind one--one that would do nobody any harm."
Crowley was sentenced to the electric chair.
When he arrived at the death house in Sing Sing, did he say,"This is what i get for killing people?"
No, he said:"This is what i get for defending myself."
The point of the story is this:"Two Gun" Crowley didn't blame himself for anything.
Is that an unusual attitude among criminals?
If you think so, listen to this:"i have spend the best years of my life giving people the lighter pleasures, helping them have a good time, and all i get is abuse, the exeistence of a hunted man."
That's AI Capone speaking.
Yes, America's most notorious Public Enemy--the most sinister gang leader who ever shot up Chicago.
Capone didn't condemn himself.
He actually regarded himself as a public benefactor--an unappreciated and misunderstood public benefactor.
And so did Dutch Schultz before he crumpled up under gangster bullets in Newark.

We often take our spouses so much for granted that we never let them know we appreciate them.
Smile, it is the key that fits the lock of everybody's heart.


















